docs(circular progress bar): update circular progress documentation (#1919)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/circular_progress.md

#### Indeterminate Progress

If you want to track a process, which does not provide predetermined end condition, you can set the [`indeterminate`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcircularprogressbarcomponent.html#indeterminate) input property to `true`.

```html
<igx-circular-bar
[animate]="false"
[indeterminate]="true"
[textVisibility]="false"
></igx-circular-bar>
```

>[!NOTE]
>You can hide the text of the circular progress bar setting the [`textVisibility`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcircularprogressbarcomponent.html#textvisibility) property to `false`.

The final result should be:

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height:100px">
    <iframe id="indeterminate-progressbar-sample-iframe" frameborder="0" seamless="" width="100%" height="100%" data-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/data-display/circular-indeterminate-progressbar" class="lazyload"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
<button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="indeterminate-progressbar-sample-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Dynamic Progress

> You can dynamically change the progress value of the circular progress bar, using controls to change the value of the progress. We can achieve that by binding the value with a custom variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can dynamically change the value of the progress by using external controls like buttons. To achieve this, we can bind the value to a class property:
```

```html
<div class="sample-content">
    <igx-circular-bar
    [value]="currentValue"
    [max]="100"
    [animate]="true"
    class="custom-size"
    >
    <div class="button-container">
        <button igxButton="icon" (click)="removeProgress()">
            <igx-icon fontSet="material">remove</igx-icon>
        </button>
        <button igxButton="icon" (click)="addProgress()">
            <igx-icon fontSet="material">add</igx-icon>
        </button>
    </div>
</div>
```

> Add the functions that add and remove value from the progress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the methods that increment and decrement the value:
```

```typescript
public currentValue: number;

public ngOnInit() {
    this.currentValue = 0;
}

> public addProgress() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public incrementProgress() {
```

    this.currentValue += 10;
    if (this.currentValue > 100) {
        this.currentValue = 100;
    }
}

> public removeProgress() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public decrementProgress() {
```

    this.currentValue -= 10;
    if (this.currentValue < 0) {
        this.currentValue = 0;
    }
}
```

> Add some styles to align items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add some styles:
```

```scss
.custom-size {
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
}

.sample-content {
  width: 300px;
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  margin-top: 30px;
}
```

#### Gradient Progress

> You can use the [`IgxProgressBarGradientDirective`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcircularprogressbarcomponent.html#gradienttemplate) to colorize the progress bar with a gradient color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to customize the progress bar is to use a color gradient instead of a solid color.
This can be done in one of two ways - by using the [`IgxProgressBarGradientDirective`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcircularprogressbarcomponent.html#gradienttemplate) directive or by implementing a custom theme, albeit custom themes support up to two color stops.
```

> We can do that by adding a template in our `igx-circular-bar` like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide a gradient that has more than 2 color stops, we have to use the directive on an `ng-template` in our `igx-circular-bar` like that:
```
